This is meant to be viewed in a notepad or anything
that is similar in behaviour.

This file is used to search the framework's functionality.
To find anything specific hit left cnt+f or use some find
function to search this document.  Everything is organized
and catagorized and sub catagorized.  If you have any
suggestions on catagory names or layout feel free to let
me know.  This file will likely change a LOT.



Here's the header catagories(and sub catagories) to search
for.  Copy and paste these names in the find function to
search easier.

#ABOUT_THIS_FRAMEWORK
-#STATUS
#BPFRAMEWORKS
#GRAPHICS
#KEYBOARD







#ABOUT_THIS_FRAMEWORK:
This entire framework is built to make programming games in
nasm much easier.  It borrows concepts from processing in
many ways.  It can compile on most WINDOWS/MAC/LINUX
distros right out of the box.  By using a wonderful library
called "SDL2".  It's my pride and joy.  And i document this
as best as i can just in case someone wish's to modify or
learn from this framework.  As a personal note this is
likely my last legacy i'll leave behind as i exit the game
dev community.  Suggestions and contributions are therefore
very welcome as i want this to be a good last hurah.

The reason i made this was to encourage more programmers to
learn assembly.  After researching ps1dev i quickly realized
just how far we have fallen as a community and i hope this
little seed will grow into a garden that holds respect for
the old ways.  Or at least the better parts of it.  Lets
not lose the sacred understanding of computers that holds
so much power over our lives yet becomes less and less
understood with each passing year.

-#STATUS:
    FEATURES:
    Inits, manages, and properly closes sdl
    Can fill new shapes/textures
    Can draw rectangles
    Able to check key states
    TODO:
    Add way to check mouse states
    Add way to check/tweek framerate
    Add delay and ways of checking time
    Add file IO
    Add textures
    Add networking
    Add multithreading
    POSSIBLE_TODO
    Add 3D support
    Add full opengl support
        naming coventions/implimentation need debating
    Add mesh's
    Consider adding support for a modularized game engine
        if so make each piece replacable
        no over generalizations...
        make it more of a kit with a variety of approaches
    BUGS:
    Fix framerate to be more accurate



#BPFRAMEWORKS:
-BPFramework.asm
This file is the header of framework and deals with all the
prep and backend the user "shouldn't" need to worry about.
Specifically it learns the OS (and the address bit size)
the program is being compiled to.  E.G. WIN32 or LINUX64.
It then sets some macros to help the code compile for that
specific os.

This is the only file one should directly include in their
project(from this framework).  The file also does a lot of
behind the scenes prepping which helps make the main file
look clean and orderly.  Also preps _main/main depending on
target OS that's being compiled to.



#GRAPHICS:
-graphics.asm
This file is simply a collection of macros which can be used
to draw graphics to the screen.



#KEYBOARD:
-keyboard.asm
This file is used to impliment ways of checking key states.